A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
All truly wise thoughts have been thoughts already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, till they take root in our personal experience.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down.
Be not the slave of your own past. Plunge into the sublime seas, dive deep and swim far, so you shall come back with self-respect, with new power, with an advanced experience that shall explain and overlook the old.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Every really new idea looks crazy at first.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
I haven't failed, I've found 10,000 ways that don't work.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Imagination is more important than knowledge...
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
